Usability/Named & Default Arguments/Exercise 4/task.md, before:

## Mastering the IDE: Change signature

You can't safely change the function parameter name:
some callers might call the function specifying this parameter name, and
this code will no longer compile.
Fortunately, IntelliJ IDEA can fix that automatically.
Use the shortcut <span class="shortcut">&shortcut:ChangeSignature;</span>
or choose <span class="control">`Refactor | Change Signature`</span>.
You can change parameter names, or add more parameters to a function,
and all the callers will be updated correspondingly.

Put the caret on the `foo` function and call
<span class="control">`Change Signature`</span> refactoring. Then press the icon
with the plus symbol (`+`) to add one more parameter. Specify it's name `d` and
it's type `Double`, and the default value `1.0`.
Press <span class="control">`EditorEnter`</span> or click the
<span class="control">`Refactor`</span> button.
Note how the callers change: the default value is used for all the callers.
Now add the same parameter to the `bar` function without specifying
the default value this time.

Commit message:

Working through exercise tasks
Files containing only a newline at the end of the file indicate that I have reviewed that task and didn't need to change anything. The file now has a new timestamp indicating it has been reviewed.

Usability/Named & Default Arguments/Exercise 4/task.md, after:

## Mastering the IDE: Change signature

You can't safely change a function parameter name because a caller can specify
this parameter name, so their code will no longer compile with the new name.
IntelliJ IDEA can automatically fix this. Use the shortcut <span
class="shortcut">&shortcut:ChangeSignature;</span> or choose <span
class="control">`Refactor | Change Signature`</span>. You can change parameter
names, or add more parameters to a function, and all the callers will be
updated correspondingly.

Put the caret on `foo()` and select the <span class="control">`Change
Signature`</span> refactoring. Press the icon with the plus symbol (`+`) to add
one more parameter. Specify its name as `d` and its type as `Double` with a
default value of `1.0`. Press <span class="control">`EditorEnter`</span> or
click the <span class="control">`Refactor`</span> button. Note how the callers
change: the default value is now used for all the callers. Add the same
parameter to `bar()` without specifying the default value.
